Hello and welcome!
Today, I'll show you how my "Automatic Assessment and Report Cards" software works...
This software is designed for Primary, JHS, and SHS teachers. 
It is an Excel-based software, so get yourself familiar with excel and enjoy using it.

STEP 1: DOWNLOAD & OPEN FILE.
Download and open the Excel file from the link provided.
From your preferred browser. I am using Mozila Firefox.

Extract the file to your preferred destination.
Wait till the download is done completly.
Extract the zip file to your prefered location.

You'll see 4 worksheets.
SETTINGS: Where all information are captured.
DATA: Where students results are entered.
ASSESSMENT: Where are the calculations are perform.
AND REPORT CARD: Where report cards are printed or saved as pdf. 
Each sheet has a specific purpose.

STEP 2: GO TO SETTINGS Page.
Fill in your School information and, Class information.
Fill in the Term Information as well.
Feel free to edit any of the white areas.

Fill in Test Scores percentages: 
  Please enter the test names successfully without blanks.
  INDIVIDUAL TEST, GROUP WORK, CLASS TEST and PROJECT forms the continuous assessment and each is 15 marks and their total scaled to 50%.
  EXAM SCORE is the the END OF TERM EXAMS is 100 marks and scaled to 50%.
  Feel free to change the continuous assessment percentages.
  And the test scales and exams scales to your preferred percentages.
Fill in Subject Information.
 Feel free to change subject names to your preferred ones.
 Enter up to 9 different subjects OR less.
 Please enter subjects successively without blanks.


STEP 3: Go to the DATA worksheet: ENTER STUDENTS' RESULTS.
Here, You need to fill Student names and genders.
Fill the Students results for the INDIVIDUAL TEST, GROUP WORK, CLASS TEST, PROJECT and END OF TERM EXAMS for all the subjects.
Click on the button "Enter Student Marks" to add or edit a single student results.		
NOTE: You can type directly in white areas or copy and paste the results from another source into the white areas.
Warning! If pasting, make sure rows match the student names correctly.
Repeat this process for all subjects.

STEP 4: Go to the ASSESSMENT worksheet or Page.
Good news: Student names and results scores are already transferred automatically.
Likewise, the continues assessment test scales, exams scaled scores, the overal total, subjects positions and the Grades, 
have been automatically calculated without any effort.
You cannot input any data on this worksheet because it is protected. If there is any changes, kindly return to the DATA worksheet.
Double-check that all results are correct: The continuous assessment scores AND exams, Positions and Grades.
You can find the OVERAL TOTAL SCORES, RAW SCORES, AGGREGATES AND CLASS POSITIONS as the tail end of the worksheet.


STEP 5: Go to the "REPORT CARD" page.
Go to the "REPORT CARD" page after entering all results correctly.
Click on the "Upload Logo" Button to upload your school logo or badge.
The supported mage Files include .jpg; .jpeg; .png; .gif, and .bmp;...


Now, let's print: 
Here, you have 2 options. Let me show you the process.
 
First Option: To print a single student results.
   Select a student → Report card fills automatically.
   Press Ctrl + P or go to file and print.

Second Option: Print all results at a click.
To print all results: Click on the "Print All Report Cards" button.
If you are connected to a printer, Choose "Yes" and print all results.
Watch how it automatically fills each student's report card and print.

If you don't have a printer: Choose "Save as PDF", Choose your folder and print later.
Watch how it automatically fills each student's report card and print or save to PDF.

Important: After clicking print, it will process ALL report cards.
There's a STOP PRINTING button if you need to cancel.

58 report cards processed successfully.
Let me show you the saved files


Please LIKE and SHARE this video if you found it helpful!

📞 For Customization or Support:
   Phone: 0555519160 / 0501374117.
   Email: bunmalik11@gmail.com.

To support this project, contact me on the numbers above.

Thank you for watching!
Goodbye!




